[docs] Update old forums link to Discord forums (#24857)
expo/expo: docs/pages/debugging/errors-and-warnings.mdx

When you look at that file, on line 7, you will see that a variable called `renderDescription` is referenced. The error message describes that the variable is not found because the variable is not declared in **HomeScreen.js**. This is a typical example of how helpful error messages and stack traces can be if you take the time to decipher them.

> Debugging errors is one of the most frustrating but satisfying parts of development. Remember that you're never alone. The **Expo community** and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into your exact error. Make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://discord.gg/expo), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).

Reviewer: Why would we use the discord.gg link here vs chat.expo.dev?

Reviewer: Additional benefit is that we can track chat.expo.dev, but not the discord.gg one directly.

Author: All links fixed.

> Debugging errors is one of the most frustrating but satisfying parts of development. Remember that you're never alone. The **Expo community** and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into your exact error. Make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://discord.gg/expo), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
Debugging errors is one of the most frustrating but satisfying parts of development. Remember that you're never alone. The **Expo community** and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into your exact error. Make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://chat.expo.dev/), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).
```
